Patient Identity Feed  (ITI TF-2a / 3.8)
---------------------------------------

Patient Identity Management, Admit/Register or Update Patient.  The
following events from a Patient Identity Source Actor will trigger one
of the Admit/Register or Update messages:

 - A01 Admission of an in-patient into a facility

 - A04 Registration of an outpatient for a visit of the facility

 - A05 Pre-admission of an in-patient (i.e., registration of patient
   information ahead of actual admission).

Changes to patient demographics (e.g., change in patient name, patient
address, etc.) shall trigger the following Admit/Register or Update
message:
 
 - A08 Update Patient Information


When two patients' records are found to identify the same patient by a
Patient Identity Source Actor in a Patient Identifier Domain and are
merged, the Patient Identity Source shall trigger the following
message (par. 3.8.4.2):

 - A40 - Merge Patient - Internal ID


The Patient Identity Feed transaction is conducted by the HL7 ADT
message.


PIX Query: ITI-9 (ITI TF-2a / 3.9)
----------------------------------

This transaction involves a request by the Patient Identifier
Cross-reference Consumer Actor for a list of patient identifiers that
correspond to a patient identifier known by the consumer. The request
is received by the Patient Identifier Cross-reference Manager. The
Patient Identifier Cross-reference Manager immediately processes the
request and returns a response in the form of a list of corresponding
patient identifiers, if any.

The Request for Corresponding Patient Identifiers transaction is
conducted by the HL7v2.5 QBP^Q23 message.


PIX Update Notification: ITI-10 (ITI TF-2a / 3.10)
--------------------------------------------------

This transaction involves the Patient Identifier Cross-reference
Manager Actor providing notification of updates to patient identifier
cross-reference associations to Patient Identifier Cross-reference
Consumers that have registered (by configuration on the
Cross-reference Manager) their interest in receiving such
notifications. This transaction uses HL7's generic Update Person
Information message to communicate this patient-centric information.

The PIX Update Notification transaction is conducted by the ADT^A31
message. The Patient Identifier Cross-reference Manager Actor
initiates this transaction whenever identifier list information is
updated for a patient.


Patient Demographics Query: ITI-21 (ITI TF-2a / 3.21)
-----------------------------------------------------

This transaction involves a request by the Patient Demographics
Consumer Actor for information about patients whose demographic data
match data provided in the query message.  The request is received by
the Patient Demographics Supplier Actor.  The Patient Demographics
Supplier Actor immediately processes the request and returns a
response in the form of demographic information for matching patients


The Patient Demographics Query is conducted by the HL7v2.5 QBP^Q22
message.  The receiver shall respond to the query by sending the
RSP^K22 message.
